Add UniFi Protect camera motion and ThumbnailProxyView docs (#21104)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/unifiprotect.markdown

  * **Privacy Mode** - If your camera allows for Privacy Masks, there will be a configuration switch to toggle a "Privacy Mode" that disables recording, microphone, and a black privacy zone over the whole camera.
  * **System Sounds** - If your camera has a speaker, there will be a configuration switch to toggle system sounds.
  * **SSH Enabled** - A disabled by default switch entity will be added to let you toggle on and off SSH for your camera. Username is `ubnt` and password is your Device Password as configured in UniFi Protect.

> * **Sensors** - Sensors are provided for data provided from the camera device. Sensors include "Is Dark", "Motion Detected", "Detected Object" (if camera has smart detections), and "Doorbell Chime" (if camera has a chime). Several diagnostics sensors are added including sensors on uptime, network connection stats, and storage stats. Doorbells will also have a "Voltage" sensor for troubleshooting electrical issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Sensors** - Sensors include "Is Dark", "Motion Detected", "Detected Object" (if the camera supports smart detections), and "Doorbell Chime" (if the camera has a chime). Several diagnostics sensors are added including sensors on uptime, network connection stats, and storage stats. Doorbells will also have a "Voltage" sensor for troubleshooting electrical issues.
```
